# A Complex Network Model for Knowledge Graphs' Relationships

## Authors
Hassan Abdallah, Béatrice Markhoff, and Arnaud Soulet

## Abstract
When dealing with Knowledge Graphs (KGs) structure, content, and quality, the focus is generally on entities. We show here that modelizing individual relationships, with their evolution, is also possible. This brings new opportunities for conducting various analyses on KGs or for improving benchmarks. Relationships matter: we present KRELM, the first – simple yet powerful – graph generative model able to (i) closely mimic a large set of crowdsourced KG relationships and (ii) simulate well their evolution. In particular, for crowdsourced KGs, we show that the decentralized process of crowdsourcing is able to produce distribution patterns that are reproducible using KRELM.

In this model, the facts of a relationship are added one by one, either by adding new entities or by describing existing ones, with asymmetric attachment between subjects and objects.

The theoretical analysis of KRELM enables us to understand the fundamental dynamics of a knowledge graph, where the distribution of facts for each relationship follows an exponential law for subjects and a power law for objects.

Our experiments show on several major KGs that KRELM perfectly reproduces the structure of a large part of their relationships. Moreover, a longitudinal study of Wikidata underlines our model’s relevance in predicting this structure’s evolution.

## Steps to run and test our approach:

1. **Set-up materials:**
   - Download and install MySQL: [MySQL Downloads](https://www.mysql.com/downloads/)
   - Download the MySQL dump from the following link: [MySQL Dump](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/hoyf7bbjs7smnk2f5kzzr/h?rlkey=pjseou3136imcqjcgvqkh3upe&dl=0)
   - Unzip the downloaded dump and run its contents. This will create the necessary database and tables for our approach.
   - Download and install Eclipse or any other Java IDE: [Eclipse Downloads](https://www.eclipse.org/downloads/)
   - Download and install PyCharm or any other Python IDE: [PyCharm Download](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/download/)

2. **Generate the distributions:**
   - Ensure that the database server is started and the dump has been properly executed.
   - Open the Java project inside Eclipse (or your preferred IDE).
   - Download and add to the project the mysql-connector-java library:[mysql-connector Download](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/connector/j/)
   - In the Database package, in the 'Dbconnect' file, update your MySQL user, password, and host.
   - To generate distributions for:
     - Krelm for Wikidata, run the main files inside the 'OurModel' package.
     - Reverse attachment baseline for Wikidata, run the main files inside the 'ReverseAttachment' package.
     - Without growth baseline for Wikidata, run the main files inside the 'WithoutGrowthGenerator' package.
     - Krelm for the rest of the knowledge graphs, run the main files inside the 'OtherKgOurModel' package.
     - Reverse attachment baseline for the rest of the knowledge graphs, run the main files inside the 'OtherKgReverseAttachment' package.
     - Without growth baseline for the rest of the knowledge graphs, run the main files inside the 'OtherKgWithoutGrowth' package.
   - This will generate all distributions and store them in the database.

3. **Dissimilarity Evaluation:**
   - Inside the Python folder, you will find Dissimilarity files.
   - By running these files, dissimilarity measures are calculated and added to the database into the 'properties_objects_characteristics' or 'properties_subjects_characteristics' tables.
   - To do this, you just need to import and install the 'mysql.connector' package in your Python environment and enter your MySQL user and password along with the target schema.

4. **Curves:**
   - The 'results' folder contains plots of all Wikidata properties for the model and the two baselines, for subjects and objects, along with other experimentation curves.
   - After completing the above steps, curves can be regenerated by running the file curvesExp.py
